README.md, before:

# SegmentDisplay

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.4.
```sh
ng new segment-display
? Would you like to add Angular routing? No
? Which stylesheet format would you like to use? CSS
```
## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

npm install git+https://git.kernelport.com/r/npm/3quarks-segment-display.git#v0.0.1 and use this in the angular lib

README.md, after:

# SegmentDisplay

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.4.
```sh
ng new segment-display   
? Would you like to add Angular routing? No   
? Which stylesheet format would you like to use? CSS   
```

## Build/Update the lib
```sh
npm install
ng build SegmentDisplay   
cd dist/segment-display
npx publish-to-git
```

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
